  On a fundamental level, the basic command of language is essential to any modern-day workforce that relies on social competency. As a new computer scientist, the limitations of individuals’ communication skills have never been more apparent. In such an incredibly abstract subject, the ability to communicate in specific and detailed components is a necessity. In computer science, we must navigate intangible concepts that cannot be physically perceived, in varying languages, none of which are native to humans. When one programmer communicates a programming problem to another, they are often actually attempting to communicate a logical sequence, something that can only be evaluated using metacognition. Thus, it is imperative that scientists in such a field refine and clarify their qualms as efficiently as possible. “Smart” and “not smart” questions are therefore a natural conclusion of such a process.
	To ask a “smart” question via some online forum, computer scientists must acknowledge not only their overarching goals, but also the minute mechanics of their problem-solving processes. Often, novice learners fall victim to the backlash reserved for “lazy” programmers.  To prevent this, novice and experienced programmers alike must be intentional and particular in their questions. In “How to Ask Questions the Smart Way”, written by Eric Steven Raymon, “smart” questions possess attributes of conciseness, intentionality, and the initiative to solve the problem sing other means. Rayon emphasizes the necessity of a genuine interest in the technical nature of coding – without such passion, so-called “hackers” are more likely to rudely respond or entirely write off the question. A smart question is detailed: the question should express the tests conducted on a small, but substantial piece of code, the research results of the user, and form of novelty. In other words, the user should ensure their question hasn’t already been answered elsewhere.
One proactive approach that exemplifies these qualities is one posted on https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5240789/scanf-leaves-the-newline-character-in-the-buffer. This post revolves around a simple question: how scanf() works on a buffer in C. This question has a concise subject line, and less than 20 lines of code that specifically designate where the error could stem from. The user’s description clearly states their previous attempts of reading the manual, and asks specific type-specific questions. The user’s description makes it clear that they have conducted their own research to figure out what they could have before asking such a question. In response, the question has been upvoted 127 times, and consists of many, many answers. Their top answer has 119 upvotes itself, which demonstrates the caliber of such a question’s response. The responses provide code and justifications for their behavior. The responses also provide a multitude of answers, based off of the problem the user is attempting to tackle.
  This is in stark contrast to questions that could have been answered from the user’s own experimentation. As seen in https://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/611946/cubeide-how-can-i-use-printf-and-scanf-on-cubeide, this user asks a simple question of how to configure properties for a specific program. Although their program is specific, it is clear they could have gleaned an answer from personal experimentation. Thus, the caliber of their responses is lack-luster. The question has only 1 answer, with 3 upvotes. Additionally, the response possesses a level of sass– the responder tells the querent that they “can’t just tell” certain methods “what to do”. The responder does provide advice, although this is also with the caveat that “a bit of googling” provided them with tutorials that the user could have easily found on their own. Another responder simply responds with “too bad for you.” In the grand Age of Information, there is no excuse for not putting in the effort into finding your own solutions to a problem. Asking concise questions that demonstrate interest and a lack of laziness will communicate to peers that such a question is actually worth answering. As Raymon says, any question can be asked on the internet. But a question worth answering must “be precise; there has to be some indication that you're thinking and paying attention.”
